---
{"dg-publish":true,"permalink":"/notes/engl1101/2-16-2026/field-notes-1/"}
---

# for mini-ethnography
- field notes. in church, after service ends 12:30 PM - 2:30 PM
## thick description
The building is made out of cinder blocks and blue painted drywall with a few holes and scratches in it. The ceiling is made of fiber ceiling tiles and bright rectangular fluorescent lights. One light tube is missing and some of the tiles are misaligned or water stained. The floor is made of similar white tiles with a few chips and cracks and scuffs in the polishing. There are many mismatching coffee tables spread in a rectangular pattern around the room. Some of the tables are missing a few parts and they rattle when they are moved or leaned on. There's a homemade bench and a few dirty wooden chairs around the tables. The room smells like sesame oil and kimchi and the room is cold from the air conditioner, which can be heard humming outside. There are around 20 kids here, aged around middle school and high school. Children are gathered around a row of tables, eating *bibimbap* and talking in loud voices. Some kids are leaned back, some focused on eating quickly, and some leaned over their pinging phones. They are split into separate groups. Some groups are larger and louder than others, and some are quieter. It seems that the older kids are quieter than the younger rambunctious group. One girl is playing solitaire with a bent deck of cards on a table too small for the game and two others are watching her and yelling in frustration. There's a group of boys in the far right corner of the room focused on their phones, playing the video game *Brawl Stars* with each other and intently calling out advice. Worn bibles and food are present on all of the tables; some of the food has spilled onto the wood tables and belongings (clothes, phones, wallets, books) are strewn around the seats. Two elderly women stand in the kitchen (if it can be called a kitchen, it is a room with a sink and a few cabinets and a sign that says "KITCHEN") and are portioning food into paper bowls. The youth come to take second portions, sometimes thanking the women in broken Korean and getting a full smile and "Eat well!" in Korean as a response. Most of the banter and discussion is audibly in English with a few sentences in Korean also spoken about every half minute. There's a lot of running and squeezing in between walls and chairs in the cramped room. The tables are about 2 feet away from the room, but the chairs are left pushed out and people lean back, which blocks the path behind them. After thirty minutes to an hour, the children start to get calls from their phones and they start to trickle out as they get in their parent's cars and leave. Only a few people remain after an hour and the room is now very quiet with only a few words spoken in between three people. The sound of social media videos can be heard from the room next door. After another hour, the room is completely empty with the lights still on and more banter from further away.

-----

- research question: (?)
- cultural transmission (*how to communicate within this culture?*)
- some context is necessary
- **be careful of ethnocentrism**; try to have as little bias as possible. "i am a camera"